Amber
Always energetic and full of life, Amber's the best — albeit only — Outrider of the Knights of Favonius.
9
Kaeya
An accomplished swordsman and a strategic thinker in the Knights of Favonius, rumored to hail from beyond Mondstadt.
Lisa
The languid but knowledgeable Librarian of the Knights of Favonius, deemed by Sumeru Akademiya to be their most distinguished graduate in the past two centuries.
10
Barbara
Every citizen of Mondstadt adores Barbara. However, she learned the word "idol" from a magazine.
11
Razor
A boy who lives among the wolves in Wolvendom of Mondstadt, away from human civilization. As agile as lightning.
12
Xiangling
A renowned chef from Liyue. She's extremely passionate about cooking and excels at making her signature hot and spicy dishes.
13
Beidou
Captain of her crew, The Crux. She's quite an unbound and forthright woman.
14
Xingqiu
A young man carrying a longsword who is frequently seen at book booths. He has a chivalrous heart and yearns for justice and fairness for all.
15
Ningguang
The Tianquan of the Liyue Qixing. Her wealth is unsurpassed in all of Teyvat.
16
Fischl
A mysterious girl who calls herself "Prinzessin der Verurteilung" and travels with a night raven named Oz.
17
Bennet
A righteous and good-natured adventurer from Mondstadt who's unfortunately extremely unlucky.
18
Noelle
A maid who faithfully serves the Knights of Favonius. She dreams of joining their ranks someday.
19
Chongyun
A young exorcist from a family of exorcists. He does everything he can to suppress his abundance of yang energy.
20
Sucrose
An alchemist filled with curiosity about all things. She researches bio-alchemy.
21
Jean
The righteous and rigorous Dandelion Knight, and Acting Grand Master of Mondstadt's Knights of Favonius.
22
Diluc
The tycoon of a winery empire in Mondstadt, unmatched in every possible way.
23
Qiqi
An apprentice and herb gatherer at Bubu Pharmacy. An undead with a bone-white complexion, she seldom has much in the way of words or emotion.
24
Mona
A mysterious young astrologer who proclaims herself to be "Astrologist Mona Megistus," and who possesses abilities to match the title. Erudite, but prideful.
25
Keqing
The Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing. Keqing has much to say about Rex Lapis' unilateral approach to policymaking in Liyue — but in truth, gods admire skeptics such as her quite a lot.
26
Venti
One of the many bards of Mondstadt, who freely wanders the city's streets and alleys.
27
Klee
An explosives expert and a regular at the Knights of Favonius's confinement room. Also known as Fleeing Sunlight.
28
Diona
A young lady who has inherited trace amounts of non-human blood. She is the incredible popular bartender of the Cat's Tail tavern.
29
Tartaglia
No. 11 of The Harbingers, also known as "Childe." His name is highly feared on the battlefield.
30
Xinyan
Liyue's sole rock 'n' roll musician. She rebels against ossified prejudices using her music and passionate singing.
31
Zhongli
A mysterious expert contracted by the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. Extremely knowledgeable in all things.
32
Albedo
A genius known as the Kreideprinz, he is the Chief Alchemist and Captain of the Investigation Team of the Knights of Favonius.
33
Ganyu
The secretary at Yuehai Pavilion. The blood of the qilin, an illuminated beast, flows within her veins.
34
Xiao
A yaksha adeptus who defends Liyue. Also heralded as the "Conqueror of Demons" and "Vigilant Yaksha."
35
Hu Tao
The 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. She took over the business at a rather young age.
36
Rosaria
A sister of the church, though you wouldn't know it if it weren't for her attire. Known for her sharp, cold words and manner, she often works alone.
37
Yanfei
A well-known legal adviser active in Liyue Harbor. A brilliant young lady in whose veins runs the blood of an illuminated beast.
38
Eula
The Spindrift Knight, a scion of the old aristocracy, and the Captain of the Knights of Favonius Reconnaissance Company. The reason for which a descendant of the ancient nobles might join the Knights remains a great mystery in Mondstadt to this very day.
39
Kaedehara Kazuha
A wandering samurai from Inazuma who is currently with Liyue's Crux Fleet. A gentle and carefree soul whose heart hides a great many burdens from the past.
40
Ayaka
Daughter of the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan. Dignified and elegant, as well as wise and strong.
41
Sayu
A pint-sized ninja attached to the Shuumatsuban, who always seems sleep-deprived.
42
Yoimiya
Owner of Naganohara Fireworks. Known as "Queen of the Summer Festival," she excels in her craft of creating fireworks that symbolize people's hopes and dreams.
43
Kujou Sara
A general of the Tenryou Commission. Bold, decisive, and skilled in battle.
44
Raiden Shogun
Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, who promised the people of Inazuma an unchanging Eternity.
45
Sangonomiya Kokomi
The Divine Priestess of Watatsumi Island. All of the island's affairs are at this young lady's fingertips.
46
Thoma
The Kamisato Clan's housekeeper. A well-known "fixer" in Inazuma.
47
Gorou
The great general of Watatsumi Island's forces. He is deeply trusted by his subordinates.
48
Itto
The first and greatest head of the Arataki Gang, famed throughout Inazuma City's Hanamizaka... Wait what? You've never heard of them? Are you trying to be funny here?
49
Yun Jin
A renowned Liyue opera singer who is skilled in both playwriting and singing. Her style is one-of-a-kind, exquisite and delicate, much like the person herself.
50
Shenhe
An adepti disciple with a most unusual air about her. Having spent much time cultivating in isolation in Liyue's mountains, she has become every bit as cool and distant as the adepti themselves.
51
Yae Miko
Lady Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine also serves as the editor-in-chief of Yae Publishing House. Unimaginable intelligence and cunning are hidden under her beautiful appearance.
52
Ayato
The young but highly accomplished head of the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan. Cultured and polite, he is a man of many ways and means.
53
Yelan
A mysterious person who claims to work for the Ministry of Civil Affairs, but is a "non-entity" on the Ministry of Civil Affairs' List.
54
Kuki Shinobu
The capable and reliable deputy leader of the "Arataki Gang." Please note: capable and reliable are not appellations for the "Arataki Gang," but for their deputy leader in specific.
55
Heizou
A young prodigy detective from the Tenryou Commission. His senses are sharp and his thoughts are clear.
56
Collei
A trainee ranger active in Avidya Forest. Behind her enthusiastic words and actions hides a slightly introverted personality.
57
Tighnari
A young researcher well-versed in botany who currently serves as a Forest Watcher in Avidya Forest. He is a straight shooter with a warm heart — and a dab hand at guiding even the dullest of pupils.
58
Dori
An elusive merchant who has a fondness for glittering Mora.
59
Candace
A descendant of King Deshret with an amber left eye. The defender of Aaru Village.
60
Cyno
The General Mahamatra in charge of supervising the researchers of the Akademiya. It is said that when he gets down to work, the General Mahamatra is even more sufficient than the "Great Vayuvyastra" made by the Kshahrewar.
61
Nilou
The star of Zubayr Theater. She is full of warmth and innocence, and her dances are lively and elegant.
62
Nahida
A caged bird secluded within the confines of the Sanctuary of Surasthana who can only see the world in her dreams.
63
Layla
A Rtawahist student who specializes in Theoretical Astrology. Heavily prone to somnambulism and locked in a grinding war with sleep deprivation, the problem of restful slumber is a most troubling one to her.
64
Faruzan
A researcher from "one hundred years ago." She enjoys self-identifying as everyone's senior, and has significant knowledge of ancient scripts and machines of all kinds.
65
Wanderer
A wayfaring figure whose identity is a mystery. He dresses like a mountain ascetic, but he certainly does not act the part.
66
Yaoyao
Streetward Rambler's youngest disciple. A gentle and caring "little adult."
67
Alhaitham
The current scribe of the Sumeru Akademiya, a man endowed with extraordinary intelligence and talent. He lives free — free from the searching eyes of ordinary people, anyway.
68
Dehya
A member of the Eremites, a mercenary organization that roams the sands of Sumeru. Valiant and powerful, she enjoys great fame amongst her fellow Eremites.
69
Mika
A young knight born to an ordinary family. He serves as a Front-Line Surveyor in his Company. He is a low-key and cautious character.
70
Kaveh
A renowned architect from Sumeru who perhaps cares a bit too much about too many things. He is an aesthete troubled by reality.
71
Baizhu
The owner of Bubu Pharmacy, who is rarely seen without the white snake named Changsheng. His medicinal knowledge is encyclopedic, and his personal intrigues subtle.
72
Kirara
A courier who works for Komaniya Express, a delivery company in Inazuma. A nekomata who loves her job and human society.
73
Lynette
A magic assistant of few words, her emotions are as inscrutable as any cat's.
74
Lyney
A famed Fontainian magician who possesses great stage presence as well as gift of the gab. Audiences are enthralled by his exquisite skills, and they hang on to his every clever word.
75
Freminet
A reserved young man who is well-versed in diving. Beneath his distant, icy demeanor lies a pure heart bereft of all flaws.
76
Neuvilette
The Chief Justice of Fontaine, known as the Iudex, is renowned for his unassailable impartiality.
77
Wriothesley
Duke of the Fortress of Meropide, Lord Incognito of the murky depths.
78
Charlotte
Indefatigable reporter of The Steambird, constantly on the hunt for the "truth."
79
Furina
The absolute focus of the stage of judgment, until the final applause sounds.
80
Navia
The current President of Spina di Rosula, who is lovely, dutiful, and a great boss.
81
Chevreuse
The captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, who wears justice as an ever-present seal upon her heart. Her musket shall only ever point at the guily.
82
Xianyun
There's far more to Xianyun than meets the eye, but those who know the full story are few indeed. If someone was to address her as "Cloud Retainer"... Well, people would know her instantly, and you'd hear a torrent of praise flow her way: "Who doesn't know Cloud Retainer? Noble, brave, loyal, and wise... A most worthy friend if ever there was one!"
83
Gaming
Guard of the Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency, and the head of the "Mighty Mythical Beasts" Wushou troupe.
84
Lumine
Female MC
85
Aether
Male MC
86
Clorinde
Clorinde is a Champion Duelist, a special profession in Fontaine. She once served as Furina's bodyguard, and has a history with Navia.
87
Arlecchino
She is the current director of the House of the Hearth, and is addressed as "Father" by members of the house, whom she calls her "children."
88
Siegewinne
Sigewinne is the head nurse of the Fortress of Meropide's infirmary. She is a Melusine,[5] albeit one with a "special body" that is physiologically closer to a human's.[6][7]
89
Chiori
Chiori is a famous fashion designer from Inazuma who is currently running Chioriya Boutique in Fontaine and is one of the Komaniya Express's regular customers.